Amadeus Interview questions:

Tech round :
● Implement Merge Sort in C++.
● Write a complete C++ program implementing OOP concepts.
● Write a program to reverse a string using a stack, without using any built-in stack library.
● What are the four pillars of OOP?
● Explain the projects you have worked on.
● Explain OS concepts such as semaphores and mutexes.
● Explain Normalization with an example.
● Explain Merge Sort.
● What are the four pillars of OOPs? Explain with examples.
● Write a program for the implementation of a Binary Tree.
● Write a program to reverse a string.
● Write a program to check if a number is a palindrome or not.
● Implement a stack using an array.
● What is malloc?
● What is the new keyword in C++?
● Write a program to find the second largest element in an array.
● Explain OOPs concepts in detail.
● What is the resource power problem in computing?
● What is the difference between overriding and overloading? Explain with examples.
● Explain the concept of demand paging in operating systems.
● Write code for stack implementation and perform an operation to pop the middle element
from the stack.
● Explain the difference between HTTPS and TCP/IP.
● Elaborate on the working of the 7 layers of the OSI model.
● Discuss the normalization process used in the database tables of your project.
● Explain the concept of virtual functions and friend functions in C++.
● Using the example of a student class, explain the four pillars of OOP and how they are
used.
● Explain the concept of virtual memory in operating systems.
● What is big data?
● What is LRU (Least Recently Used) and write a code for it.

HR round :
● What differences have you noticed between your hometown and Mysore in terms of
weather, people, or lifestyle?
● Have you adopted any feedback you received?
● What are the things you do outside of academics?

● What is the biggest problem you have faced in your life, and how did you overcome it?
● Why did you choose that project?
● Introduce yourself.
● Where do you see yourself after 3 years?
● What problems did you face after coming to Mysore?
● What technologies have you worked on?
● Describe your family background.
● What problems did you face before joining this college?
● Whom do you see as a role model?
● Tell me about your internship experience, and what work did you do during it?
● Why are you interested in working at Amadeus?
● What current technologies are you learning and working on?
● How comfortable are you with adapting and learning new things?
● Do you believe in teamwork?

AP Moller Maersk

Role: AIML
1. Explain any one of the ML algorithms.
2. Explain the steps to build the classification model.
3. Find the total number of air conditioners sold in India per year.
4. To determine the probability that three ants positioned at the vertices of an equilateral
triangle will not collide as they start moving simultaneously.
5. Explain in detail Linear Regressions
6. 2. Now tell me all the processes you would follow once I give you raw data and perform
Linear Regression on the dataset. Give complete and all steps you would involve.
7. What is total number of iPhone sold in India
8. 2. What is the minimum time taken by 4 persons to cross the bridge given that only one can
use a torch and only 2 people can be present on the bridge at a given instance.
9. Why this domain?
10. Explain KNN
11. What is confusion Matrix
12. Accuracy and precision

Role: Data Engineering

1. Difference between truncate and delete
2. Types of join
3. View, materialized view
4. Query writing for table data and scenario based.(like About BigData )
5. Scenario based question about customer data(how to segregate the data kind of)
6. About projects (challenge you faced, experience).
7. Why did you choose this company?
8. Built-in function in SQL
9. About rank,window etc
10. About PowerBI
11. Data warehouse
12. Query writing :
13. Retrieve user with top 2nd highest follower in given table data

Role: SDE

1. Why c over c++.
2. Diamond inheritance
3. Oops real life examples
4. SQL query
5. GitHub discussion
6. Projects discussion
7. Open source discussion
8. Box models in css
9. Why we should use basic css over imported library like tailwind or material ui
10. What is bom,dom,pip
11. Predict Output over a certain code
12. Difference between bits/c++.h and iostream
13. Generate a lexicological order palindrome from existing palindrome (writing code)
14. Difference for and while loop
15. Api discussion
16. Backend handling

HR Round Questions:

1. Why did you choose this college?
2. Did you genuinely achieve all these things in your college life or you have just filled
your resume.
3. Your techstack is entirely different from our requirements. Why should we hire you?
4. If we call your past employer what do you think your feedback would be.
5. Apart from studies, what else do you do?
6. Give an introduction about yourself
7. Tell me about your family
8. What motivated you to take up AI ML
9. How supportive are your parents if you are relocating
10. Do you have any plans to do masters in future

Aptiv Interview Questions

Tech Round Questions:
● Explain the differences between Python and SQL.
● How would you connect a Python application to a SQL database?
● Write a Python program that performs CRUD operations in a SQL database.
● Why did you choose to pursue a degree in Computer Science?
● What aspects of Computer Science do you find most intriguing?
● Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
● What are your long-term career aspirations?
● What are your main areas of interest within Computer Science?
● How do your interests align with your career goals?
● Describe a project you've worked on in detail.
● What challenges did you face in that project, and how did you overcome them?
● Explain the concepts of polymorphism, abstraction, and encapsulation.
● What are copy constructors, and how do they differ from regular constructors?
● What is constructor overloading and operator overloading?
● Define pure virtual functions and virtual functions.
● Explain the four pillars of OOP in C++.
● What is the difference between a stack and a queue?
● Describe the basics of trees (binary trees, binary search trees, etc.).
● Write a program to find the second largest element in an array.
● Explain basic string algorithms.
● Solve the problem: given the sum of n natural numbers excluding 2 consecutive
numbers, find the 2 consecutive numbers.
● Explain the difference between threads and processes.
● What are scheduling algorithms, and can you name a few?
● What are the steps that a program undergoes before compiling?
● Discuss process and thread management in operating systems.
● Write a C program of your choice.
● Explain pointers and their uses in C/C++.
● What role does the linker play in the compilation process?
● Describe dynamic memory allocation in C/C++.
● How would you reallocate memory dynamically in C?
● What is the difference between a struct and a union in C?
● Compare the memory size of struct and union.
● What is the volatile keyword in C++?

● Implement a class in C++.
● Explain the OSI model and its layers.
● Describe CPU scheduling methods.
● Discuss real-time operating systems (RTOS).
● Explain network topologies and their types.
● Describe the concept of shallow copy and deep copy in C++.
● Explain constructors and destructors.
● Find the intersection point where two linked lists merge.
● What factors would you consider if you were to build a movie ticket booking
application?
● Describe a scenario where you had to troubleshoot a significant issue in a
project.

Managerial Round Questions
● How does communication work in Computer Networks (data communication)?
● Explain the differences between TCP and UDP.
● What are the primary functions of the OSI model layers?
● Describe how routing protocols work in a network.
● What is the purpose of ARP (Address Resolution Protocol)?
● What are the different types of algorithms, and how do you classify them?
● Explain the concept of time complexity and space complexity.
● How do you analyze the efficiency of an algorithm?
● What is a greedy algorithm? Provide an example.
● Discuss the divide-and-conquer strategy with an example.
● Describe the software development life cycle (SDLC).
● What are the different software development methodologies (e.g., Agile,
Waterfall)?
● Explain the importance of version control systems.
● How do you ensure software quality and reliability?
● Discuss the principles of software design patterns
● Introduce yourself and provide a detailed discussion of one of your projects.
● What challenges did you face during the project, and how did you overcome
them?
● Can you draw the architecture for one of your projects?
● How did you implement specific features in your project? Discuss deeply.
● What are closures in JavaScript?
● Explain the difference between let, const, and var.

● How does event delegation work in JavaScript?
● Discuss asynchronous programming in JavaScript and the use of Promises

HR Round Questions :

● Tell me about yourself, focusing on aspects not mentioned in your resume.
● What is the most difficult thing you have faced in your career or studies?
● Describe a time when you had to overcome a significant obstacle.
● How do you consider yourself a good team player? Provide a specific situation
where you demonstrated teamwork.
● Describe a situation where you had a conflict with a team member. How did you
handle it?
● Can you give an example of how you contributed to a team's success?
● Have you ever taken on a leadership role? Describe that experience.
● How do you motivate others in a team setting?
● Describe a time when you had to adapt to a major change in a project or
workplace.
● How do you handle stress and pressure in a team environment?
● Can you provide an example of a difficult decision you made? What was the
outcome?
● Describe a situation where you had to make a decision with incomplete
information.
● How do you see the skills or knowledge gained from this project benefiting you in
your future endeavors?
● Are there any new ideas or improvements you would implement if you had more
time?

Big Basket Interview questions

● How do you reverse a string in different ways (iteratively, using recursion)?
● Given a string with nested parentheses, remove the outermost parentheses. For
example, for "(()())(())", the result should be "()()()".
● How can you find duplicate characters in a string?
● Given an array containing 0s, 1s, and 2s, sort the array (Dutch National Flag
algorithm).
● How would you find two numbers in an array that add up to a target value?
(Discuss approaches from brute force to optimized using hash maps.)
● Find the subarray with the maximum sum in an array (Kadane's Algorithm).
● Find the subarray with the maximum product.
● How would you count the number of negative numbers in a row-column sorted
matrix?
● Implement stack operations using a class in different data structures (arrays,
linked lists, etc.).
● Solve the 3Sum problem: Find all unique triplets in an array that sum up to a
target value.
● How can you delete the nth last element from a linked list?What is an inner join?
Write a query demonstrating its syntax and use cases.
● How would you use aggregate functions like COUNT(), SUM(), AVG(), MAX(),
MIN() in a query?
● Given a database table for train schedules (arrival and departure), how would
you find the minimum number of platforms required for the given times?
● How can you partition a database table, and what are the benefits?
● Explain different types of joins: inner, left, right, full outer, and cross joins
● How would you detect a loop in a linked list? How can you find the starting point
of the loop?
● What are different ways to sort a linked list (merge sort, quicksort)?
● You have two containers of 3 liters and 5 liters, respectively. How would you
measure exactly 4 liters?
● What are the advantages of MySQL over NoSQL databases?
● Why would you choose a NoSQL database for some applications?
● Explain database indexing and the different types of indexes.
● Describe normalization and its types. What are the pros and cons of
normalization?
● Explain database locks and their types.

● There are 10 coins, with 5 showing heads and 5 showing tails. You need to
separate them into two groups such that each group has an equal number of
heads and tails.
● Explain the concept of deadlocks and the conditions required for a deadlock to
occur.
● What is thrashing in operating systems, and how can it be prevented?
● Differentiate between multiprocessing and multitasking.
● What is paging, and how does it relate to virtual memory?
● Explain the difference between logical and physical addresses in memory
management.
● What are the four pillars of OOP? Explain each with examples.
● What is the difference between method overloading and method overriding?
● Compare interfaces and abstract classes. When would you use each?
● Discuss the problems that can arise with multiple inheritance and multilevel
inheritance.
● How does the virtual DOM work in React?
● Explain the concept of conditional rendering in React. Provide examples.
● What is state management in React? How can state be shared across
components?
● What are props in React, and how do they differ from state?
● Describe the component lifecycle in React. How do lifecycle methods work?
● What is the difference between HTTP and HTTPS?
● Explain your project in detail, including the challenges faced and how you solved
them.
● Describe the architecture of the system you built.
● How did you handle data storage and retrieval in your project?
● What improvements would you make to the project if given more time?
● How did you ensure the security and scalability of your solution?
● What are design patterns, and how have you used them in your projects?
● Discuss the trade-offs between different architectural patterns (e.g.,
microservices vs. monolithic).
● Explain High-Level Design (HLD) of a system you have worked on.

Cisco Interview Questions

Tech Round :
● Define the 7 layers of the OSI model.
● Give a practical example of a doubly linked list.
● What is a thread in programming?
● Describe your project.
● What is the practical use of your project?
● What problems did you face during the implementation of your project?
● What is the difference between IPv4 and IPv6?

Cognizant Interview questions

Tech round questions :
● Explain the core OOP concepts (e.g., inheritance, polymorphism, encapsulation,
abstraction).
● What are the types of inheritance in object-oriented programming?
● How would you swap two numbers without using a third variable?
● Write a code to check if a number is a prime number.
● How do you print "Hello World" in JavaScript?
● What is the difference between the double equal (==) and triple equal (===) operators in
JavaScript?
● What are the types of data types in JavaScript?
● How would you reverse a string using a DSA approach?
● Explain different sorting methods and describe how one of them works.
● Write some SQL queries for basic operations like SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, and
DELETE.
● What is ACID property in DBMS?
● Explain the concept of normalization and its types.
● Describe different types of joins in SQL and their use cases.

HR questions :
●
● Tell me about yourself.
● Where do you see yourself in the next five years?
● What are your short-term and long-term career goals?
● Why do you want to work in this industry or field?
● What motivates you to achieve your goals?
● What are your strengths?
● What is your biggest weakness, and how are you working to overcome it?
● Can you describe a challenging situation at work and how you handled it?
● What are some accomplishments you're proud of?
● How do you handle feedback or criticism?
● Can you give an example of a time when you led a team?
● How do you handle conflicts within a team?
● What skills are you currently working on improving?
● How do you stay updated with new trends and technologies in your field?
● Why do you want to work at our company?
● What do you know about our company’s values and culture?

● How do you manage your time when working on multiple projects?
● How do you approach problem-solving in high-pressure situations?

Dish Network Interview questions

Tech Round Questions :
● Explain your projects in detail.
● Describe your project briefly.
● Explain the tech stack used in the project.
● What are the functionalities of your project?
● Give an overview of your projects.
● How did you use exception handling in your project?
● Questions related to string palindrome projects.
● Questions based on specific tech stacks like Express, Node, and React.
● Write a Python code to load data from .csv files to a pandas data frame (project-related).
● How would you handle a situation where your project head asks you to misreport the
completion of work to a manager?
● Explain normalization and its forms with examples.
● Explain types of constraints in DBMS.
● What is a database?
● Difference between DBMS and RDBMS.
● Explain the concept of primary and foreign keys with examples.
● Write a SQL query to find the second-highest salary.
● Find the second-highest salary in each department, using join with employee and
department tables.
● SQL rank function to get the second-highest salary.
● SQL query to detect duplicate records.
● SQL query to update employee names starting from 'sun' to 'moon'.
● SQL query to join two tables using a right join.
● Explain various types of joins with examples.
● SQL query to find employees who joined before their manager.
● SQL query to find the employees who were hired in the year 2024.
● Write a C++ program to reverse a string using recursion.
● Write a C++ program to calculate the factorial using recursion.
● Implement multiplication without using the * operator (use bitwise operators like left
shift).
● C++ code to sort names in alphabetical order and assign a roll number to each.
● C++ code for binary search implementation.
● Python code to sum array elements until an odd sum is obtained.
● Write a program to reverse words in a string.
● Write a code to remove duplicate elements from an array.
● Print the duplicate elements in an array.
● Sort an array where the first half is sorted in descending order and the second half in
ascending order.

● Explain OOP concepts and provide real-world examples.
● Describe the four pillars of OOP: encapsulation, abstraction, inheritance, and
polymorphism.
● Difference between function overloading and function overriding.
● Constructor vs. destructor.
● Inheritance: Explain its types and the differences between multiple and multilevel
inheritance.
● Polymorphism: What is it, and what is the difference between operator overloading and
overriding?
● Explain the new keyword in C++ and memory allocation in C.
● Difference between an array and a linked list.
● Difference between stack and queue with examples.
● What is a hashtable and its uses?
● Explain recursion with examples.
● ather-son vacation puzzle (age-based puzzle).
● Puzzle involving divisors.
● Scenario-based questions about ethical dilemmas in the workplace.
● What is a zombie function?
● Explain exception handling, and how it is used in JavaScript.
● Explain JWT (JSON Web Token).
● Explain aggregate functions in SQL.
● What is the OSI model?
● Write a query to find the second rank student's data.

Managerial Round Questions
● Explain your projects in detail.
● Why did you choose a particular project?
● Why did you use those tech stacks for the projects?
● Explain the tech stack used in your projects and their details.
● What made you build many projects?
● Demo of projects hosted.
● How do you justify that you are a team player?
● Project-based questions (e.g., specific functionalities, challenges faced).
● In-depth explanation about your internship experience.
● Explain Binary Search Tree (BST) and its implementation.
● Different types of linked lists (singly, doubly, and circular) and their
implementation.
● Applications of linked lists.

● Scheduling algorithms (e.g., Round Robin, First Come First Serve) and their
applications.
● Explain polymorphism using overloading and overriding.
● Differences between function overloading and function overriding.
● Tell me about yourself (excluding what's on the resume).
● Tell me your hobbies.
● Why did you choose to pursue these projects?

HR Round Questions :
● Tell me about your education and family background.
● Introduce yourself.
● Explain your family background.
● Describe your achievements.
● What extracurricular activities have you participated in?
● What are your hobbies?
● What are you passionate about?
● When did you feel proud of yourself?
● What are your strengths and weaknesses?
● Share a positive and negative thing about yourself.
● What do you know about Dish Network?
● What roles are you open to working in after joining Dish?
● What will you do when you get stuck on a problem?
● How do you handle challenges or difficult situations?

Epicor interview questions

Technical Round Questions:

● Introduce yourself.
● What is dynamic programming?
● Explain your project.
● How you are fetching datas from another website (Web Scraping).Explain its syntax.
● How your datas of the user is updating in every four hours(the data from the target website
from which we are fetching.
● Datas changes throughout so my website was also updating accordingly, Cron technology i
explained.)
● Basic discussion about the schemas
● used.
● Insertion in a doubly linked list.
● Reverse a doubly linked list.
● Why you chose this college.
● No questions from OS, CN, DBMS, OOPS

HR Round Questions:
● Introduce yourself and your family background.
● Why do you opt for Engineering?
● What does your father do?
● Why is your sister not in the engineering field?
● Will you go for higher studies?
● How frequently you travel.
● Which places have you been to in Karnataka (I went to Coorg and she was also from Coorg
so we discussed some places in Coorg and their beauty.)
● Why did you choose a college in Mysore and not in Bangalore?
● Which role you want.
● Explain any project you worked on and which created a lot of interest in you for this field.

Haladoc Interview Questions :

Technical Round :
● Shifting zeroes to end,
● delete node in linked list
● SQL joins
● subarray sum equals K
● DBMS- INDEX AND FOREIGN KEY OS-DEADLOCK
● frequency if an element in array
● What is recursion
● put all zeros to left
● common character in 3 words in an array
● Difference between process and threads
● when does oops programming language stands out from other programming language
● SQL queries on a given weather table.(Joins based questions)
● Ranking an array( Gold, silver, bronze positions) based on the given order
● ACID properties
● Questions based on concepts used in projects.
● Reverse linked list. - Given a string s reverse only the vowels in it without changing the
consonants.
● Given a function random7 which generates numbers from 1 to 7 with equal probability,
using this function write random function which generates numbers from 1 to 5 with
equal probability.
● Given an array print the majority element if present else print no majority element.
Majority element is the one whose frequency is greater than (size of array / 2)
● DBMS: Write the ER diagram for your project schema.
● OS: About processes and threads.
● OOPS: Illustrate inheritance with an example.
● majority element using tree and array sort a positive and negative numbers sqaure
● virtual memory why it is used?
● Mysql vs Mongo db
● node vs react vs express why is react used?

● javascript vs c++
● To sort the 0's to one end in arrays,To find the distance between the two strings in the
arrays
● Stack using queue
● valid brackets
● swap 2 variables without using 3rd variable
● common substring in a list of strings
● Java oops, merge sort
● question on indexes in DBMS, deadlock, foreign keys and sql questions.

Managerial Round :

● Linux commands
● why should we hire you
● have you got any feedback
● about project and internship (Based on the resume )
● About files and Linux.
● What if you get hired
● What if you don't get hired
● Explain the project, sql queries based on the project.
● Extra curricular activities and achievements

HR round :

● Hobbies
● What does the company do?
● How was the experience of the previous interviews
● Any obstacle that u faced while doing ur projects and how did u overcome that
● Why do u want to join the company
● Any further questions or any info u want to know about the company
● Your biggest failures
● what makes you angry


Havells interview Questions

Tech Round :
● Explain the objective and overview of your project.
● What were the key challenges you faced in your project?
● What technologies, libraries, or frameworks did you use?
● How did you implement the different modules?
● What are the ACID Properties in DBMS?
● Explain the different levels of abstraction in DBMS.
● What is Normalization, and when should you stop normalizing a database?
● Explain Locks in DBMS.
● What is Deadlock, and what are the prevention methods?
● Write an SQL query to get the total orders with customer ID.
● What are Joins in SQL?
● Explain a trigger and write a sample trigger code.
● Write an SQL query to return department names (dnum) with at least 2 employees using
a JOIN.
● Explain the Queue data structure.
● Why are linked lists used instead of arrays?
● What do you mean by a Binary Search Tree (BST)?
● Write code for insertion sort.
● How many nodes are there in a binary tree with height k?
● DSA question: Print the distinct elements from an array.
● Explain BFS and DFS.
● Write code to move all negative elements to either the left or right end of an array.
● Explain pre-order, post-order, and in-order traversals in a binary tree.
● Explain Quicksort algorithm.
● Given a string "r b y r r b y," arrange it as "r r r b b y y."
● Explain process scheduling algorithms.
● What is the difference between threads and processes?
● Write a C++ code for Pascal's Triangle.
● Code to move negative elements in an array to the left/right end.
● Explain your deep learning project.
● What is a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), and why is it used?
● What is the difference between Sigmoid and Softmax functions?
● What do you mean by an activation function in neural networks?
● What is a REST API, and how does it work?
● What are the uses of microservices?

Second Tech Round :

● Explain your project in detail.
● What were the specific challenges or key features you implemented?
● Write code for a particular part of your project.
● How did you integrate MongoDB into your project?
● What is the best sorting technique, and what is its time and space complexity?
● Write code to find the length of the longest continuous substring in a given string.
● What is JWT (JSON Web Token), and how does it work?
● Explain the signing process of JWT and how tokens are secured.

HPE Interview questions :

Tech round :
● Explain what technologies were used in your project.
● What is a constructor and why is it used?
● What is thread synchronization?
● What is the difference between 32-bit and 64-bit machines?
● Explain virtual memory with a real-world example. Where does it get extra memory
from?
● What is demand paging?
● What is a process and a page? Explain the page table.
● Mention OSI layers and specify the layer where routers operate.
● What is the difference between TCP and UDP?
● What is the ping command and where do we use it?
● What is the difference between threads and processes? Provide a real-world example.
● Name 10 operating systems.
● What is the difference between multiprogramming and multitasking?
● What is RAID?
● Why do we need an operating system?
● Explain semaphore operations.
● Provide real-time examples of different operating systems.
● What is the difference between paging and segmentation?
● What are deadlocks and how can they be prevented?
● What are threads?
● What is the difference between OSI and TCP/IP models?
● What is the difference between TCP and UDP?
● Router vs. Gateway.
● What is a VPN and why do we use it?
● Important application protocols: FTP, SMTP, RIP, DHCP.
● What happens when you type www.google.com in a browser?
● What is a router?
● What is a bridge?
● What are the differences between IPv4 and IPv6?
● Write a complete C++ program to check if a string is a palindrome.
● Write a C++ program to input an integer, convert it to binary, and count the number of set
bits.
● Puzzle: Find the minimum number of races to determine the top 3 fastest horses from 25
horses (Answer: 7).
● Sorted array problem: Return the target number or the largest number less than or equal
to the target.

● Explain Binary Search Tree (BST) concepts and operations.
● Implement a stack using an array.
● What are the real-life applications of a stack?
● Write a C++ program to optimize parentheses validation.
● What are OOPs concepts?
● What are constructors and destructors? Explain types of constructors.
● What is inheritance? Explain polymorphism. What is the difference between
compile-time and runtime polymorphism?
● What is the difference between method overloading and method overriding?
● Explain access modifiers in C++.
● What is the difference between call by value and call by reference?
● What are virtual functions?
● Why include a header file in C++?
● Why do we return 0 at the end of a C++ program?
● What is a DBMS? Provide an example.
● Explain the types of normalization.
● What are keys and constraints in a database?
● Explain the types of joins in a database.
● What is an agile model?
● Describe the challenges faced during an internship or project.
● What tech stack was used in your project and why (e.g., ReactJS, MongoDB, etc.)?
● What is JWT and how is it generated?
● Explain future improvements for your projects.

Managerial Round :
● What was the aim of your project?
● What technologies did you use, and why did you choose them?
● How did you approach the problem, and what were the outcomes?
● Why did you choose AWS for the project?
● What security measures were implemented in AWS?
● What made you learn AWS?
● What are the advantages and disadvantages of AWS?
● What are the advantages of AI?
● What are the disadvantages of AI?
● How do you manage failures in a project?
● Describe a situation where something didn't go as planned. How did you resolve it?
● What strategies do you use to recover from setbacks?
● How do you handle failure in a corporate setting where multiple stakeholders are
involved?
● Have you ever had to pivot during a project due to failure?

● How do you prioritize tasks when multiple deadlines overlap?
● How do you ensure that you focus on important project details without over-explaining or
losing time?
● How do you balance project work and ad-hoc tasks?
● What are some terms you would mention when explaining OS concepts?
● Explain different scheduling algorithms (e.g., Round Robin, Priority Scheduling).
● How would you ensure that critical tasks are not delayed due to scheduling?
● How is data transferred to specific tabs when using multiple tabs (e.g., watching cricket
in one tab and a football match in another tab)?
● How do you handle high-pressure situations, such as deadlines?
● How do you manage team conflicts or disagreements?
● How do you motivate yourself and others in your team?
● Describe a situation where you had to make a critical decision with limited information.
How did you handle it?

HR round :

● Tell me about yourself.
● Can you share your family background?
● Why do you want to work at HPE?
● Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
● What were your responsibilities during your internship?
● What did you learn from your internship experience?
● Can you explain the Full-Time Employee (FTE) role and what excites you about it?
● What are your hobbies and how do they relate to your work or personal growth?
● What are some recognitions or achievements you’ve listed on your resume? Can you
share the stories behind them?
● How do you manage your time when working on multiple projects?
● How do you stay updated on current affairs and industry trends?
● How do you handle stress and pressure in work situations?
● What motivates you to perform well in a job?
● How do you approach teamwork and collaboration in a professional environment?
● What are your strengths and weaknesses?
● Do you have any questions for us?

Incture Interview questions :

Tech Round :
● Can you explain the project mentioned on your resume in detail?
● What is the purpose of the project, and how did you approach its design and
development?
● What Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) concepts did you use in your project,
and how did they benefit your implementation?
● How did you optimize the performance of your project (e.g., time complexity,
memory usage)?
● What challenges did you face while developing the project, and how did you
overcome them?
● Can you explain the use of design patterns in your project? Which one(s) did you
implement and why?
● How did you handle error handling and logging in your project?
● How would you optimize the code or database queries for better performance?
● How would you scale the project for a larger user base or data set?
● How do you handle tight deadlines and project pressure?
● How do you manage conflicts within a team?
● What approach do you take to prioritize tasks during a project?
● How do you ensure effective communication with your team members?
● Can you provide an example where you had to take ownership of a project issue
and resolve it?
● How did you manage the version control for your project? Which tools did you
use?
● How do you ensure the security of data and user authentication in your project?
● How would you improve the user experience (UX) in your project?
● What algorithms did you implement, and why were they chosen?
● How do you optimize the database queries for better performance in your
project?
● What architectural patterns did you consider, and why did you choose the one
you used?
● How did you test your project, and what strategies did you use to handle bugs
and issues?
● If you were to refactor your project, what improvements or changes would you
make?

● Can you give an example of a pattern-matching problem involving strings?
● How would you implement a solution to find a substring within a string?
● Can you explain the concept of string manipulation (e.g., reversing,
concatenating) in programming?
● What data structures would you use to optimize string operations, such as
searching or pattern matching?
● Can you introduce yourself and explain your academic and professional
background?
● How did you come up with the idea for your project?
● What technology stack did you use for your project, and why did you choose it?
● What features of your project differentiate it from existing solutions?
● What are the primary differences between SQL and NoSQL databases?
● Why would you use MongoDB (a NoSQL database) in a project over a traditional
SQL database?
● What are the advantages of MongoDB for handling large, unstructured datasets?
● What are aggregation functions in databases, and what role do they play?
● How would you use aggregation functions like SUM, COUNT, AVG, etc., in a SQL
query?
● Can you give an example of how aggregation functions are used in MongoDB?
● How did you utilize data structures and algorithms in your project to improve
performance?
● Can you explain the concept of encapsulation, inheritance, and polymorphism in
your project?
● How did you implement exception handling and ensure robustness in your
project?
● How do you manage object lifecycles in your project, especially memory
management?

HR round :
● Can you tell me about yourself and your background?
● What motivated you to choose a career in software development/engineering?
● Can you briefly introduce your family and any influences they may have had on
your career choices?
● Why are you interested in system design and architecture?
● How do your personal interests or experiences align with the project/topic you
chose for system design?

● What are your career goals, and how does system design play a role in achieving
them?

Infosys interview questions

Tech Round Questions :
● Check if two strings are anagrams.
● Selection Sort.
● Time complexity of all sorting techniques.
● Difference between linked lists and arrays.
● What is a stack?
● What is a queue?
● Explain deadlocks.
● What is z-index?
● Coin exchange problem.
● Define Overloading and Overriding in OOP.
● Find the starting point of a loop in a linked list (Linked List Cycle II, Leetcode).
● Two Sum problems.
● House Robber DP (Leetcode).
● Basic questions based on projects & why specific technologies were used.

HR question :
● What are your strengths and weaknesses?
● How do you overcome your weaknesses?
● Why do you want to join Infosys as a Specialist Programmer?
● Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
● What is your strength?

Lam research Interview questions:

Tech Round:
● ip spoofing
● disaster recovery
● Explain osi model
● Firewall
● About the company and questions on projects mentioned in resume.
● SQL query on joins given a DB.
● In CN, about ipconfig and ping commands.
● A question on the header part of C++ programs like the error that occurs when we use
cin or cout directly without mentioning 'using namespace std'.
● Write a c++ program to count the number of white spaces in a string.
● Which are linear and non - linear data structures and classify them with examples.
● 4 pillars of oops and difference between encapsulation and abstraction.
● how do you connect and link two tables - answer is foreign key reference.
● queries on joins - inner and outer join - first creating table query and then writing join
query.
● Questions on projects
● Basic DSA questions
● ATM sequence number matching (code)
● Overloading , overriding and some applications on that
● Difference between HTTP and HTTPS
● Index and its types and application
● Difference between drop, delete, truncate
● When to use having and where
● Situation based question like if I'm hosting a party in house what UI will you create and
queries based on that
● Ip spoofing
● Different between switch and router
● Cloud computing
● Cloud tools
● Detailed discussion about my projects.
● Basic OOPS concept, 4 pillars of OOPS.
● Via examples explain abstract classes.
● What is the Mac address?

● Gave me a case where I had to design my application where I needed to explain the flow
of my application making.
● So there is a party where u need to group the children(participants) u need to grp them
by their age group.
5-7 age grp will play 1 game
8-10 age grp another game
11-15 another game.
Maintain a score board.
● will your db design look like?
● How will our flow of application be?
● What is OSI Model

HR Round
● About me, my childhood.
● How is college going?
● Which is your favorite subject and why?
● Assume me as an old non technical staff member, and explain to me how ChatGPT works.
● Which is the toughest situation you have come across.
● And also about the company.
● Questions on family background
● What scares you the most
● What is your negative things
● How did you overcome that
● Scenario based questions
● Query on joins
● Project discussion
● Tell me about yourself.
● Talk about your Parents.
● Talk about your friends.
● Talk abt a situation which was very challenging in your life. (Apart from academics)
● How did you come out of it?

London Stock Exchange interview questions
Tech Round Questions :
● Tell me about yourself.
● Can you describe one of your projects in detail?
● What challenges did you face during this project, and how did you overcome them?
● What technologies did you use, and why did you choose them?
● What are the key advantages of using cloud computing for businesses?
● What are the differences between MySQL and NoSQL databases?
● When would you choose to use a NoSQL database over a traditional SQL database?
● Can you explain the code you wrote during the coding round?
● How did you approach the problem of valid parentheses in your coding challenge?
● Can you provide a puzzle question to test problem-solving skills? (For specific questions,
contact the provided number.)
● Explain your approach to three specific DSA questions you’ve encountered.
● Discuss a dynamic programming-based question you've solved.
● What are the basic concepts of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP)?
● What is an abstract class, and how does it differ from a regular class?
● Explain the concept of abstraction with a real-life example.
● Provide a real-time example of function overloading.
● How does method overloading work in programming languages like Java or C++?
● Explain the use cases for try, catch, and finally blocks in error handling.
● How do you handle exceptions in your code? Can you provide an example?
● Explain the right view of a binary tree.
● Discuss the valid parentheses problem and your approach to solving it.
● Provide 2-3 puzzle questions that challenge logical thinking.
● What are your strengths as a candidate?
● Can you discuss a few of your weaknesses and how you are working to improve them?
● Discuss a hypothetical puzzle about a criminal case. How would you approach solving
it?
● Given n students and m teachers, how many tables would you need to represent the
relationship? What would those tables look like?
● What is the difference between dynamic arrays and static arrays in C++?
● How do pointers interact with these types of arrays?
● What are the key differences between C and C++?

Lowe's India Interview Questions List

Tech round :

● Detailed project discussion
● RDBMS vs NoSQL
● ER diagram
● Operating system (as it was mentioned in my resume)
● Questions about projects and internship
● Sum of odd numbers using javascript
● Questions about html and css
● What are challenges you got during the project
● Why do you want to use javascript and explain about eventlistener
● Which is your favorite data structure? And questions on its applications.
● What is a binary search tree? When does time complexity for searching an element become
O(n) in it?
● What is tree data structure?
● What are the features of react and explain hooke's,routers.
● Discussion about projects and asked to implement some changes.
● Write syntax for api endpoint in backend.
● Tell me about yourself
● Why was MySQL used in one project and MongoDB in another?
● What was the tech stack of my second project? Where is data stored when someone
responds to the bot?
● How is the data stored in MySQL vs MongoDB?
● Why was React.js never used in any of my projects?
● What was the need to use the MongoDB cloud in Annapurna?
● Do you do competitive programming? Which is your favorite data structure?
● CP: It started with an array one, sir increased the difficulty with each question and it ended up
becoming hashmaps one. (also had to be solved without using built-in functions)
● Can you solve the same question in JavaScript? How?
● What are the different types of Joins in MySQL?
● Write a query to join 2 tables and find the salary with the name.
● why did you choose mongodb
● When will we use mongodb and when mysql?
● ER diagram for the database of your project.

● advantages of oops.
● Joins queries and types
● Real life application of arrays and linked lists.
● polymorphism in oops
● OOP concepts: encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism, abstraction.
● Real-time scenarios of OOP concepts.
● Real-life use of linked lists and stacks.
● DBMS: normalization, basic WHERE, COUNT queries, joins, triggers.
● DBMS project discussion: schema, ER diagram. Asked to add new functionality and features.
● Project explanation,about technologies used in project,API,DSA question on arrays and
strings
● Mostly on projects, graph applications, binary search tree,red black trees,array elements
frequency counting optimization , SQL triggers, difference between SQL and No SQL and
when will you choose what, difference between http and https
● About my work experience
● Why did i choose the projects that i have mentioned
● Then questions on API integration
● why GraphQL
● Explain GraphQL
● My Internship Job
● Explained about my 3 projects in my Internship
● Integration of OpenAI in my internship and explanation on them
● One on array of strings where in an array there shall be elements like dog,god,cat,act we need
to seperate them acc and return as {{dog,god},{act,cat}} he then made it more difficult by
adding multiple inputs coz my approach was for 2 elements then he added other strings as
od odg odz so we need to sort them again
● find a key value is present or not in the binary search tree
● How is authentication being done
● What is socket io
● How message is being sent
● What do you mean by responsive? How did you make it responsive
● What did you study up till now in CN?
● Name and explain some application layer protocols
● Name the port numbers of those protocols
● What is the difference between https and http
● DS questions
● What is an AVL tree?
● What is the use of AVL trees?
● What's the problem in creating a Binary Search Tree out of a sorted array?
● Given an array of n integers containing 0-9 calculate the frequency of each.Verify if all the n
numbers were counted
● Project based questions, Linked list, Graph, Trees, Devops, Real life use cases of Data
structures, backend design, REST architecture

● Questions on linked list and array

HR:
● Things you want to change about yourself
● Things that you don't want to change about yourself
● Things that people want to change about you
● Your biggest failure
● What changes do you see in yourself throughout your engineering journey
● Background and journey till now.
● How do you handle mistakes done by you?
● How do you stay motivated while working on a single long project?
● Experience of working in a team and managing teammates.
● How do you learn new things?
● How do you ensure customer satisfaction?
● Tell me about yourself
● How do you keep track of all the things you do?
● Tell me about your projects about how you built them but nothing in technical sense (like
contributions, difficulties faced, lessons learnt)
● Some questions around Youtube Channels
● How do you make sure to reach your goals by the end of the day?
● If you are put in a new place where you know nothing and nothing about the topic but have
to do a project within a short deadline how will you do it?
● What is the biggest difficulty you have faced when working for clubs and how did you
resolve them?
● How do you make sure to learn at the end of the day when you are doing so many things in
parallel?
● Tell me about the project(first project in resume)
● How did you manage your projects with college work?
● what did u do when your team members weren't agreeing on a point(how did u convince
them)
● How do you handle stress
● any questions for us.
● How did you adjust to new place, biggest failure, what do u want to improve about urself
● Later she asked me to explain each and every thing on the project and as a lead in the project
how did i manage all the problems that we faced how we divided the project
● They jumped onto personal questions such as my failure in life and what did i learn how i
overcame them
● then i asked about company and her experience

● Normal HR questions like what are your strengths and weaknesses, Any conflict which you
had with your project team.... hobbies etc

MathCo interview questions

Tech Round 1 :
● Write an SQL query using joins and where conditions.
● Write an SQL query using the BETWEEN operator and the HAVING clause.
● How do you reverse a list without using the reverse function?
● Explain and demonstrate the slice function in Python.
● How do you find the maximum element in a list of numbers?
● Write a pseudocode to find the frequency of vowels in a given string.
● How would you report on Amazon's Great Indian Sale performance? What key metrics
would you track?
● What KPI meters would you design to report to your manager at Amazon? For example,
tracking differences in sales over time.

Tech Round 2 :
● Describe a DBMS project you have worked on. What were the key challenges and how
did you solve them?
● Explain the bubble sort algorithm. How does it work and what is its time complexity?
● There is an amoeba in a box that doubles every second. If the box is full at 60 seconds,
when was it half full?
● If an amoeba duplicates every second and the container is full in one minute, when was
it half filled (in seconds)?
● Guesstimate the number of taxis in Mysuru.
● How would you estimate the amount of water used in one day by your college?
● What is your weakness? What steps have you taken to improve it?
● Give an example of a time when you demonstrated leadership.
● Break down the MakeMyTrip app into its key components and explain how it functions.
● How do you estimate the number of taxis in Mysuru?

Miq digital Interview questions

Tech Round :

● Explain Java and the concepts of Object-Oriented Programming (OOPs).
● How do you apply OOP concepts such as inheritance and polymorphism in a real-world
scenario like an Air Conditioner (AC) system?
● Discuss function overriding in Java with examples.
● What is meant by string immutability in Java?
● What is the difference between == and .equals() in Java?
● What is JVM (Java Virtual Machine)?
● Explain the Hare and Tortoise method. How does it work? What is its time complexity?
● What is the time complexity of solving the "pairs with a given sum" problem?
● Explain Merge Sort and analyze its time complexity.
● How does Binary Search work? What is its time complexity?
● Find the missing number in an array.
● Find the nth node from the end in a Linked List.
● Explain abstraction and encapsulation for a beginner with examples.
● Explain the space complexity of the Two Sum problem and the Detect Loop in a Linked List
problem.
● Write an SQL query to join four tables and display the results.
● What are the types of joins in SQL?
● What is a composite key? Provide an example.
● Design a College Database with student info, subject info, and semester info.
● Write a query to give all student info who scored max marks in each semester from the
College Database.
● Explain the ACID properties of DBMS and relate them to real-world problems.
● What is a deadlock in computer systems?
● What are the necessary conditions that can lead to a deadlock?
● Difference between NoSQL and MySQL databases.
● What are the differences between Isolation and Consistency in ACID? Explain Dirty Read and
Phantom problems.
● What are the SOLID principles in system design?

● Explain client-server architecture.
● What is two-way handshaking in networking?
● Discuss Normalization and perform up to 5NF on a table.
● Define OOPs concepts with tech-related real-time examples, not animals or vehicles.
● What is the difference between abstract classes and interfaces? Where would you use each?
● What is normalization? Explain with examples.
● What is the difference between virtual functions and polymorphism?
● Explain the mathematics behind linear regression and logistic regression.
● What is the difference between linear regression and logistic regression?
● Why is Mean Squared Error preferred over Mean Absolute Error?
● Explain precision, recall, and accuracy in machine learning.
● What is p-value in the context of hypothesis testing?
● Why is the sigmoid function used in logistic regression?
● Explain the assumptions required for linear regression.
● Explain false positives and false negatives with examples.
● Explain the JavaScript Event Loop.
● Is JavaScript single-threaded or multi-threaded? Explain.
● How does JavaScript handle asynchronous functions?

Managerial Questions :

● Find the second-highest salary of the employee in the table (SQL).
● Explain all the concepts of OOPs in 2 minutes.
● How would you handle edge cases for problems like Two Sum and detecting a loop in a
Linked List, including handling zeros?
● Describe your most challenging project and how you approached it.
● Why did you choose NoSQL or SQL databases for your project? What are the differences
between the two?
● Why MongoDB? When would you prefer using it over SQL databases?
● Describe a situation where you faced a challenge while deploying your project.
● What is your experience with UI libraries, and how have you used ReactJS for state
management and routing?
● How do you ensure the smooth flow of a project from start to finish?

● Discuss any challenges you faced while working on your projects.
● How would you improve the performance of your project if it had scalability issues?
● Can you explain the flow of your project in terms of architecture

HR Round :
● Introduce yourself.
● What are your strengths and weaknesses?
● Why did you choose the National Institute of Engineering (NIE)?
● Do you have any plans for higher studies?
● How do you feel about the stipend being offered?
● How would you handle pressure if overwhelmed with a lot of work?
● How do you respond to negative feedback?
● How would you feel if we rejected you?
● Tell me about your hobbies.
● What do you do in your free time?
● How do you handle stress or tight deadlines?
● Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
● Are you comfortable with relocation or working in different locations?
● How do you prioritize tasks when you have multiple deadlines?

National Instruments 2

● First and Last Position of an Element in a Sorted Array
● Search in a Rotated Sorted Array
● Median of Two Sorted Arrays
● Square Root of an Integer using Binary Search
● Find Peak Element in an Array
● Kth Smallest Element in a Sorted Matrix
● Capacity to Ship Packages within D Days
● Aggressive Cows Problem (Maximum Minimum Distance)
● Search in a 2D Matrix
● Find Minimum in Rotated Sorted Array
● Longest Increasing Subsequence (LIS)
● 0/1 Knapsack Problem
● Edit Distance (Convert String A to String B)
● Longest Common Subsequence (LCS)
● House Robber Problem
● Coin Change Problem (Minimum Number of Coins)
● Subset Sum Problem
● Burst Balloons (Maximum Coins)
● Partition Equal Subset Sum
● Maximum Product Subarray

Oit dahramyan interview Questions :

Technical Round Questions:
● What is your favorite data structure and then questions on that . Stack : Valid Parentheses
● Array : 2D array , Subarray with min. Sum
● Difference between primary and unique key
● Question from skills in resume
● Algorithms : Knapsack and traveling salesman
● implement interface class to have the minimum element in the stack in O(1) time complexity
● Square of array elements in less than O(n)
● What is the difference between react js and angular .
● What is index in rdbms?
● difference between all the joins in dbms
● What are different pillars of oops? explain it taking a real life example

HR Round Questions:
● Family background
● Why this college
● Why this company
● Hobbies
● Question about hobbies
● mention 3 of your strong and weak points
● mention about yourself and your hobbies
● why you want to join a startup?
● what do you know about the company?

Oracle Interview Questions

Tech Round Questions :
● What are triggers, procedures, and functions in DBMS? Provide examples.
● Explain the difference between a function and a stored procedure.
● Write SQL queries using Joins, Views, and Indexes.
● What is an Object in SQL?
● Explain NVL and Cursor in SQL.
● What is the difference between DELETE and TRUNCATE?
● What are the different types of views in SQL?
● Explain the different types of languages in DBMS like DDL, DML, DCL, TCL, DQL.
● Write queries about commits, rollbacks, and transactions.
● Discuss constraints, indexes, and intersection in SQL.
● What is database designing, and how does it differ from database management?
● What are the different versions of MySQL?
● Explain Joins, Views, Triggers, and Indexes in DBMS.
● Write a flowchart representing the campus interview process.
● Describe your projects in detail.
● How did you achieve certain functionalities in your project?
● How did you integrate front-end and back-end technologies?
● Explain how Docker works, its uses, and the problem it solves.
● What technologies did you use for front-end and back-end development?
● Check if a number is a palindrome.
● Write a code to swap two numbers without using a third variable.
● Print an empty diamond pattern in C.
● Explain Recursion with an example, such as the Fibonacci series.
● Write a code to implement basic sorting algorithms.
● Explain and implement OOPs concepts in C++.
● Write Python code to retrieve rows from an Excel file based on matched data across
multiple sheets.
● What are the four pillars of OOP (Object-Oriented Programming)? Provide examples.
● What is the difference between single-level and multiple inheritance?
● What is runtime polymorphism? Explain with an example.
● What are the differences between C and C++?
● Explain OOP concepts in C++: encapsulation, inheritance, polymorphism, and
abstraction.
● Write JavaScript code to prompt users as they type (using event listeners).
● How do you create moving bulletins using CSS?
● Explain HTML, CSS, and JavaScript functions for displaying alerts, prompts, and event
listeners.
● What is the difference between GET and POST in web development?
● Explain REST API and its importance in web development.

● What are the different types of clouds (public, private, hybrid)?
● How do cloud services like AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud differ?
● What are the key benefits of using cloud platforms for businesses?

2nd tech Round

● Tell me about yourself.
● Introduce your family members.
● If selected, are you willing to relocate?
● What is your opinion on AI and its future impact?
● What do you think is better, Specialization or Generalization?
● Explain your recent projects in detail.
● How did you approach the challenges in your project?
● Can you describe the key technologies used in your project?
● How does your project contribute to solving real-world problems?
● Questions based on specific points from your resume (technical skills, achievements,
etc.).
● Write code to add two matrices.
● Solve a coding problem involving basic sorting or searching algorithms.
● Explain how exception handling works in C++ with examples.
● Implement an algorithm to count distinct elements in an array.
● Explain different tree traversal techniques (in-order, pre-order, post-order).
● Write a query to count the number of employees in a department.
● Write an SQL query to retrieve data from multiple tables using JOINs.
● Explain how you would use indexes to optimize a query.
● Write a query to find the second highest salary in a company.
● Explain the differences between GROUP BY and HAVING clauses in SQL.

3 rd Round :
● Explain SQL Joins and the different types (INNER, LEFT, RIGHT, FULL).
● Write a query using an INNER JOIN to retrieve data from two related tables.
● What is the difference between INNER JOIN and OUTER JOIN?
● How do LEFT JOIN and RIGHT JOIN work? Provide examples.
● Write a query to find common records between two tables using INNER JOIN.
● Are you willing to relocate if selected?
● How do you feel about moving to a new city or country for a job?
● What factors would you consider before making a decision to relocate?
● How would you adjust to a new work environment in a different location?
● Tell me about a time you adapted to a new situation or environment.

● How do you handle changes in your personal or professional life?
● What are your hobbies and interests outside of work?
● How do you maintain a work-life balance?

Samsung Interview questions:

● Project explanation, basic c/c++ concepts, 3 coding question(find the frequency of given
element in array , rotated array, majority elements) , o.s concepts( mutex/locks, semaphore,
synchronization, starvation, priority inversion).
● They asked projects, and technical used in projects
● What is Multithreading, MultiProcessing, Multitasking?
● What is embedded system. Give a real life example.
● Write a Program to find the count of a particular element in a sorted array?
● What is binary Search. Use binary search for finding the count of an element in array?
● What is pointer, malloc, calloc?
● What do you mean by paging and virtual memory?
● What are operating system, Application, Process, Threads?
● When do we use user and kernal modes and what exactly happens in those modes, threads
in user and kernal mode, what are interrupts and how to avoid them
● give an example for hardware interrupts, calculate the space consumed for 10*10 bits which
consists of pixels, how many bits are there in 1byte, 1mb, 1gb, 1tb, which data type is used to
store images int or char?
● Why do we use oops, what are inheritance, compile time/static polymorphism, run
time/dynamic polymorphism, abstract classes?
● Which language is considered the fastest between c, c++, java?
● Give Detailed explanation for any one of your projects
● Tell me about yourself
●
● Rotate an array by one place
● Bitwise binary operator
● Implement stack using linked list
● Problem solving ability questions:
● Given three eggs find the breaking point of the egg assuming all the three eggs have the
same breaking point when thrown from the building having 10 floors. Which floor is the
optimal solution?
● operator overloading questions

Sap Labs Interview questions
Tech Round 1 :
● What is normalization in DBMS?
● What are the differences between Truncate, Drop, and Delete in SQL?
● Explain Union and Union All with an example.
● What is a subquery? Demonstrate with an example.
● Explain insertion sort with an example and write the pseudocode.
● What is the difference between C++ and Python?
● Explain the advantages and disadvantages of Python compared to C++.
● What are the advantages of OOP, and how is it implemented?
● How much space does a class occupy?
● Why are databases and DBMS used, and where are they applicable?
● How would you describe an ideal manager?
● How would you handle an angry customer?
● What are the differences between malloc and calloc?
● Explain the challenges faced during your project.
● Why did you choose NIE over SJCE?
● Why did you opt for Mysuru over colleges in your native place?
● What is the difference between authorization and authentication?
● What is an operation in programming?
● Convert uppercase to lowercase in a string.
● Describe any real-life problem you have faced.
● What are your hobbies?
● Do you have any questions?
● What are joins in SQL? Explain each type with a diagram.
● What is a stored procedure and a trigger? What are the differences, and where are they
used?
● When would you use a 'Having' clause vs. a 'Where' clause in SQL?
● Explain a class and an object with a real-world example.
● What is call by reference and call by pointer in C++?
● Describe the workflow of your projects.
● Why did you use JWT tokens, and how do they work?
● Explain a subquery and provide an example.
● Why do you think you are the best fit for this role (Customer Support Engineer)?
● What skills match this role better?
● How can we convert a string to uppercase in programming?
● What is the difference between a process and a thread?
● What are the states of a process?
● What do you know about our company?
● What are transactions and ACID properties in DBMS?
● How would you handle a team situation while working on a project?

● What is the Waterfall model in software development?
● Explain different software development life cycle models.
● What is linear regression?
● Explain normalization forms in DBMS.
● What is polymorphism in OOP?
● What is abstraction in OOP?
● What is the difference between the WHERE and HAVING clauses in DBMS?
● What are DDL and DML in DBMS?
● How did you troubleshoot issues in your project?
● What are the pillars of OOP?
● Explain how insertion sort works with a pseudocode example.
● Print a pyramid star pattern.
● Explain SAP and why you want to work with it.
● Solve the torch and bridge puzzle.
● Solve the 3L and 5L bucket puzzle to collect 4 liters of water.
● Solve the frog-in-a-well puzzle.

Tech Round 2 :
● Explain DBMS queries.
● Explain OOP concepts.
● How would you convince a customer to buy a pen?
● What is cloud computing?
● What is software engineering?
● Explain computer networks in detail to someone unfamiliar with them.
● What is your project about, and why did you find it more interesting than other projects?
● Provide a detailed explanation of your project and the technologies used. Why did you
choose those technologies (e.g., why MySQL and not MongoDB)?
● What do you know about SAP?
● Write an SQL query to create a table and perform operations with the data.
● What challenges did you face in your project, and how did you overcome them?
● Why are you interested in this particular role?
● Why do you want to work at SAP?
● Answer scenario-based questions related to customer service or project management.
● Describe your family background.
● How does your project align with the requirements of this job?

Managerial Round :

● Introduce yourself, including your academic journey, family background, and personal
interests.
● Tell me about the college club you work with and how things operate there.
● What is the hardest situation you’ve faced while working for the club, and how did you
solve it?
● If a team member is not performing their tasks correctly, how would you handle the
situation? Give a real-life example.
● Share something about yourself that is not mentioned in your resume.
● What is one extracurricular activity you excel at?
● How well can you express yourself on stage? Provide an example.
● What challenges did you face in your project, and how did you overcome them?
● Explain the encryption and authentication techniques used in your project.
● Describe a leadership role you took.
● How did you manage teamwork in your academic projects?
● How did you manage the first year of college?
● How do you overcome difficulties?
● Where do you see yourself in 5 years?
● How would you handle relocation for a job?
● Explain the working of your project in detail.
● Explain the difference between a normal method, constructor, and static method in a
class. How do you initialize objects for them?
● How would you approach a DSA problem involving stacks and queues?
● What is an abstract method in OOP?
● Solve two puzzles involving predicting the next sequence and give different logics for
them.
● Why do you think this Customer Support role is the best fit for you compared to technical
roles?

Schneider Electric Interview Questions :

Technical Round Questions:
● Introduction about myself
● Project explanation
● Questions regarding project-rest apis how to solve errors, scalability etc
● What we're the difficulty faced during academics and how you overcame that
● Oops concepts, Interface. Types of data structures and their real time applications.
● Sql- given a table with 2 different products and their quanties with were sold on a particular
day . Write a sql query that return the day of 2nd highest sale. Can be done using
row_number function.
● Questions about the project and detailed explanation of crud operation implemented in the
project.
● Printing the repetitive char in a given string using any algorithm for your wish.
● Field you are interested in and how are you preparing for that
● consider string interview and find the frequency
● create table and extract any 2 column under specific date
● About project. ,. Tech stack used in project. , Question on python (nothing specific related to
project - flask )
● Talk about projects and technologies used for each and why those were chosen in particular.
● Interested career domain and questions about it.
● How real time video communication works.
● What technologies are used for security during online transactions.
● Projects you want to work on in the future.
● New skills that you have worked on and the challenges you faced while learning.

HR Round Questions:
● Are you ok with relocation. opinion on digitalization
● where do you see yourself in next 3 years.
● Have You Faced Any Difficult Situations In Your Past Work Or College
● Experiences?
● How Did You Handle Them?

Spens

Problem Solving Round and DSA:
1. eg of data abstraction , root of an number , sql query on count of attendance for a month
2. Find the square root of a given number up to the third decimal place. Given input may or may
not be a perfect square.
3. Finding second largest number in the array ,
4. Sql query Like count the attendance of student in particular month
5. Return substring contains palindrome in a string, largest second number in a array

System Design Round:
1. List the modules of an e-commerce system like amazon. How will the delivery system know
where to take the items from? How is the problem related to payment resolved where while a
transaction takes place a pop up may come saying ' transaction taking place please do not
click back' but you click back. How does the recommendation system work on the front page
of the user?
2. Explain System design of Uber

Logical reason round:
1. Question is based on how you manage the memory allocation when you Continusely data is
coming in every second

TE connectivity Interview Questions

Technical Round Questions:

● Power BI fundamentals,explaining projects, Machine learning projects
● What is a Wildcard in SQL?
● Tell me about your one project.
● What is outer and inner join?
● What are linear and non linear data structures?
● Definition of all data structures.
● How trees are different from graphs.
● Technologies used in the project.
● About job roles, DBMS structure, and Data structure definitions,project explanation
● Walk me through your resume.
● CRUD operations
● What are algorithms?
● What are trees?
● What are graphs?
● Steps involved in data engineering.
● Why do we clean data?
● Non linear data structures?
● INTRODUCE yourself
● Python loops, List ,Tuples , Class,Self keyword, Inheritance
● Complete explanation of the data Structures
● ML Algorithms...Supervised and Unsupervised Algos any 1 from each
● Projects Explanation
● Central Tendency , Z-Score, hypothesis tests, student t distribution
● Conditional probability , Normal Distribution and its significance
● DBMS and SQL: ACID properties , Normalisation, Joins , difference between the join and
union, view significance, difference between subqueries and joins

HR Round Questions:
● Why do u want to join TE,
● how much years are u ready t give commitment to TE,
● why data analyst role

● Introduce yourself
● Which subject is favorite in your SSLC and PU
● Give some points opposite to your fav sub
● Family Background
● Opinion about the higher studies

Tejas Network Interview Questions :

Technical Round Questions:
● Rotate matrix by 90 degree without using transpose.
● Why do we use namespace std.
● Memory management in c++.
● Oops concept virtual functions,abstract classes.
● Core subjects (CN,Oops,OS), basic DSA problems and some c++ related questions
● Basic os n cn question
● Tell me about yourself
● Explain the projects you've done
● What are Friend functions
● What is Dangling pointer
● Memory allocation in c++
● Rotate an array to 90 degree
● Paging and segmentation
● Memory leak

HR Round Questions:
● What do you know about Tejas Network?
● What are your hobbies?
● You are a Java developer can you shift to c++ developer
● Briefed me abt internship process and fte

WD Interview questions

Tech - 1 round Questions :
● Project explanation
● sql window function
● aggrigate functions
● Triggers
● complete schema of database
● dense rank ,rank
● Functions
● Procedures
● Lists, Tuple, Dictionaries, Set differences.
● Difference between sort and sorted.
● map, filter functions in python with example.
● what are lambda functions?where are they used?
● Different approaches in sorting (sorting algorithms).
● What is inheritance?what are it's types?
● types of access modifiers
● Why is time complexity important?
● why do we need to have less time complexity?
● What is the difference between primary key and unique?
● What are the type of joins?
● What is rank and dense rank in sql? what is the difference?
● What are the aggregate functions in sql?
● What are the constraints used in sql queries?
● Few project related questions
● Slice in python? And various questions on it
● Oops principles
● Sql constraints
● SQL basic insertion, deletion, viewing, Questions were more on projects, what is
flask?(python framework)

Tech - 2 round questions :

● Project explanation
● Kaggle data base
● sql constraints
● sql aggregate functions 6.kaggel database 7.where do you want to see yourself
in 5 years
● Asked to explain projects.
● Asked where I used python, certain concepts of dbms in projects (project related)
(role was based on python and sql so)
● What is the difference between dbms and dbms?
● What is the difference between tier1 and tier 3 in architecture in dbms?
● Joins in sql
● Aggregate function

Managerial Round :
● Project explanation
● Scenario based questions
● What will you do if a senior manager gives you a small amount of work and doesn't respond
properly? What will you do if your senior manager tells you to delete some files which are
creating issues In the system?
● How do you split work among a team?
● Explained about role and asked if I was fine with it
● Explain working of 7 osi layers with protocols used in each layer
● What is the difference between tcp and udp? Give examples where these protocols are used
● What is kernel?
● In a system, if some processes are not getting resources at all, how do you make sure this is
solved?
● Have you worked with APIs? and few following questions related to project
● How would you send log data reporting system parameters regularly through mail?

HR Round :
● Are you okay with the role?
● extra curricular activities
● Family background
● Do you have any relatives working in wd?
● Are you fine with taking up this role?
● What are your strengths?
● How would you describe yourself wrt communication?
● How would you rate yourself wrt flexibility?
● Do you have plans for higher studies?

